Vice President Xu, this gift is to go back and tell Yunting.
I like this gift very much.
Vice President Xu
I have to go back and try it on
Now I get it.
If Mr. Gu gets angry
Will I be fired?
Hmm strong
It's not what you think
Master Xu, you don't need to explain to me
I still have work to do
You go back first
Oh, dear.
Since immigrants work in the Xu family
Some of our company's orders
Can be forwarded to Xu's
In order to arrange related matters
What do I have to be angry about?
Anyway, I didn't plan to be with Gu Yuting
Together
Don't go bye bye
The story throws hundreds of millions of orders to our company
The lady who pretends to be really affectionate
The story and the planning case of Xu's cooperation except you
And Wang Mingxuan is here
You can do your best.
Wang Mingxuan, right?
Miss's dog leg
The eldest lady will definitely choose him
Yi Niu, be mentally prepared
I'm leaving first
You should go back early too.
See you tomorrow. Ok.
Hey, it's finally done.